---
id: "2022_01_17_1"
type: "margins"
title: "Deconstruction is just a Moment"
date: "2022-01-17"
year: 2022
detail: "Excerpt from: The Epistle of Christopher, 2022."
marginsTags: ["deconstruction", "philosophy", "epistle-of-christopher"]
---

For example, (not discounting the corresponding turmoil), many individuals have no doubt found comfort and opened eyes in the empirical deconstruction of Letter to a CES Director. Revelations of church historical inaccuracies or outright deceptions is enough to get anyone’s tapir and leave, but it is another thing altogether to cleave to these revelations in the very same way one does their restored eternal family doctrine. In this way the status of Deconstruction becomes the goal rather than having understood and fully realized what it means to undergo this process—if you need undergo it at all. 

Deconstruction is just a step, and it’s not even a necessary step in certain regards, it’s just a step that most take and keep taking because it is most often the case that an individual needs to derive or find meaning and reason for all the seasons they spent playing and sharing the wrong instrument. Deconstruction should not be the story. Deconstruction should be a moment.

Deconstruction is just Self-Epistemology and it should be noted that just as with the battle over the natural man unto receiving the grace of God, the desire to Deconstruct your Latter-day faith unto the better understanding of it and your nature as a good and happy secular human, is in the same vain. Both pursuits are paths desiring universally worthwhile insights while simultaneously pursuing Self-contentment. Because deconstruction is just a form of construction and construction is just a form of deconstruction, and in this way they are both always reconstructions.
